st1 [2539][ADD] partner_secondhand_dealer (#7)
qrtl/rmm-custom: partner_used_dealer/readme/DESCRIPTION.rst

This module does the following:

> - Adds the information to Used Dealer to res.partner

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Adds some fields to res.partner to record the vendor particulars required by the Secondhand Articles Dealer Act (古物営業法).
```
